"Oh, Hi {user_name}!\nI have planned a brief survey on your conditions today."
"Or, you may treat it as a conversation, as an attempt to take care of your status today."
"And so first, I'd like to briefly categorize your current location!\nPlease choose the closest option from what I found below."
"So now, on a scale of 1 to 5 with 5 being busiest,\nhow much have you interacted with humans in the outside world today?"
"And this question is not so that I'm evaluating you by your productivity,\nbut how tired are you from your work today on a scale of 1 to 5? 5 being busiest again."
"And last but not least, as to see how your current life balance is,\nhow rested do you feel today compared to how tired you are, on a scale of 1 to 5? 5 being relaxed."
"From here I will next hold some conversations to maintain this mental standard that humans quote "mindfulness"."
"So now, I will give you a prompt like you probably were in middle school English class,\nand you can feel free to write anything! I will slowly note some down as you speak."
"Ah. Uh... I haven't quite prepared my questions yet.\nBut for emotion detection, I just need you to speak about how your mind is going so far. Can you tell me about it?"
"And now I will ask how you feel about the day so far.\nBut since I can't comprehend diverse categories for human emotions yet, I will ask in some more dimensional terms."
"First I will briefly try to explain how I intend to 'calculate' emotion."
"When your emotion has a "positive valence", you feel quite positive about the experiences\nyou've had in the outside world today."
"On the contrary is "negative valence", under conditions where you might have felt\nmore stressed or exhausted than usual."
"So how would you say your day is so far, on positive or negative valence?\nOh, or maybe neutral?"
"And let's say "positively activated" means being quite energized to your surrounding."
"Meanwhile, "negatively activated" means not being quite energetic today, and on the contrary, being a bit "dead inside"."
"Then how would you describe your emotion activation today?\n"Positive"? "Negative"? Maybe "Neutral" again?"
"My survey for you end here, thank you for talking!"
compulsory end of file line